Simple rainfall app

Heroku link: http://nameless-coast-10445.herokuapp.com

Fetches the rainfall from the past 10 days at any given US zip code, and
sorts them in ascending order.

Uses weather source api to retrieve the weather.

In order to run this locally, visit https://gorails.com/setup/, provides
a great tutorial on installing rails on your operating system.

That being said, I will provide a quick summary of things needed to be installed
on Ubuntu Linux.

  1. Ruby
  2. NodeJS
  3. Rails
  4. postgreSQL

1. Installing ruby
  1a) Install some dependencies using the commands

  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get install git-core curl zlib1g-dev build-essential libssl-dev libreadline-dev libyaml-dev libsqlite3-dev sqlite3 libxml2-dev libxslt1-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev python-software-properties libffi-dev

  1b) Install a ruby version manager (rbenv is one of the more popular ones)

  cd
  git clone git://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv.git .rbenv
  echo 'export PATH="$HOME/.rbenv/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc
  echo 'eval "$(rbenv init -)"' >> ~/.bashrc
  exec $SHELL

  git clone git://github.com/sstephenson/ruby-build.git ~/.rbenv/plugins/ruby-build
  echo 'export PATH="$HOME/.rbenv/plugins/ruby-build/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc
  exec $SHELL

  git clone https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv-gem-rehash.git ~/.rbenv/plugins/rbenv-gem-rehash

  rbenv install 2.2.3
  rbenv global 2.2.3
  ruby -v

2. Installing NodeJS (this is optional since this project doesn't use any javascript assets, but in case you do in the future...)

  curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_4.x | sudo -E bash -
  sudo apt-get install -y nodejs

3. Installing Rails

  It's as simple as installing this gem!

  gem install rails -v 4.2.4
  rails -v #Rails 4.2.4

4. Installing postgresql

  sudo sh -c "echo 'deb http://apt.postgresql.org/pub/repos/apt/ precise-pgdg main' > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/pgdg.list"
  wget --quiet -O - http://apt.postgresql.org/pub/repos/apt/ACCC4CF8.asc | sudo apt-key add -
  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get install postgresql-common
  sudo apt-get install postgresql-9.3 libpq-dev

  To set up a user


  sudo -u postgres createuser {your_username} -s
  sudo -u postgres psql #(if you want to set up a password)

Great! Now that everything is installed and setup, simply clone this repository.
In the same folder, cd into the rain_fall_app, and run

  bundle install

  rake db:create
  rake db:migrate

  rails s

to start up your server!
